



We hope to inspire you and provide you with the best possible sounds, but this sample pack is for personal use only - you may not upload, distribute, or release any music created with it commercially. 
To use these samples in released or monetized projects, you must purchase the individual sample packs from riemannkollektion.com

We have put a file inside the download where you can source the name of the pack it is taken from, or you simply ask us providing the sample name.


General Licensing agreement:

Thanks for purchasing a Riemann Kollektion sample pack! We put a lot of effort in the creation of the sounds, we hope you do enjoy them! 

However, in order to act legal, please read the following:


1. What am I purchasing?
When you purchase one of our sample libraries you are NOT obtaining OWNERSHIP of the sounds in the library. You are in fact purchasing a LICENCE to use the sounds within your musical compositions, whether or not your compositions are released commercially. The original producer of the sounds will always remain the OWNER of the sounds.
Once purchased your license is NONTRANSFERABLE which means that the license is authorized only to the original purchaser. You are not permitted in ANY way to share the purchased sample library with others. We work closely with the BPI and other International organizations to monitor illegal internet file sharing. If you are engaged in the illegal file sharing of our products we WILL gain sufficient evidence to prosecute you in line with current copyright laws.

2. How can I use Riemann Kollektion Samples?
Once you have purchased one of our sound libraries you have a single user license which permits you to use samples from that library in your own musical compositions. You may release such compositions commercially without payment of any further royalties or fees for such usage.
You cannot use the sounds from our sample libraries in isolation for a commercial release or project. For example you are not authorized to create another sample CD or sound library with any of the sounds from our products. Doing so will infringe copyright law and you will be liable for prosecution under the copy write design and patents act 1988. You are permitted to use the sounds in library or production music as long as you follow the guidelines above and use sounds in musical compositions rather than in isolation.

AI Sound generation / AI Music generation training: It is strictly prohibited to use Riemann Kollektion or Ashram Sounds samples to train AI programs. If you want to license large amounts of audio samples for AI training please contact us to make an agreement: info@riemannkollektion.com

Riemann Kollektion 2025

www.riemannkollektion.com